ProjectReport.md, before:

# Project Report

Nathaniel Barber

## Challenge #1 Complete

In this challenge the main thing that needed to get done was changing the a line 
within the QueryEngineModule class so that the actual Wikipedia QueryEngine is there
instead of the "Fake one" that was there. 

## Challenge #2 Complete

(Explain your solution to Challenge #2. If it is not complete, change
the subsection title above to "Incomplete" and explain how far you got
and where you got stuck.)

## Challenge #3 Complete

(Explain your solution to Challenge #3. If it is not complete, change
the subsection title above to "Incomplete" and explain how far you got
and where you got stuck.)

## Reflection Question #1: Functional vs OO

(Write one or more paragraphs comparing and contrasting the iterative and functional  
approaches to string concatenation you explored in challenge #3. Which do you
prefer, and why?)

## Reflection Question #2: Polymorphism and Dependency Inversion

(Explain how polymorphism engendered dependency inversion in this little
application. Be clear and precise here, as this is, in part, an assessment of
your correct use of technical terminology.
Consider, for example, where exactly is polymorphism used?
Where exactly is a dependency inverted?)

Commit message:

Complete Challenge 2 and Challenge 2 Project Report

ProjectReport.md, after:

# Project Report

Nathaniel Barber

## Challenge #1 Complete

In this challenge the main thing that needed to get done was changing the a line 
within the QueryEngineModule class so that the actual Wikipedia QueryEngine is there
instead of the "Fake one" that was there. 

## Challenge #2 Complete

Within this challenge even though the way that the time was displayed, 
it could be useful infomration in some way. I did this by creating RevisionImplementation.
This takes the the RevisionImplementation interface which uses a format function.
From there RevisionFormatter was made to implement RevisionImplementation. RevisionModule was then made
to bind the two RevisionImplementation and RevisionFormatter together. The last step that I took was adding the RevisionModule 
to the App file. So now when the actual output is set, its in the format of "At *WhateverTime*, *TheUser* made a change on the date *Date*" 

## Challenge #3 Complete

(Explain your solution to Challenge #3. If it is not complete, change
the subsection title above to "Incomplete" and explain how far you got
and where you got stuck.)

## Reflection Question #1: Functional vs OO

(Write one or more paragraphs comparing and contrasting the iterative and functional  
approaches to string concatenation you explored in challenge #3. Which do you
prefer, and why?)

## Reflection Question #2: Polymorphism and Dependency Inversion

(Explain how polymorphism engendered dependency inversion in this little
application. Be clear and precise here, as this is, in part, an assessment of
your correct use of technical terminology.
Consider, for example, where exactly is polymorphism used?
Where exactly is a dependency inverted?)
